Use `yiisoft/psr-emitter` (#92)
yiisoft/yii-runner-http: README.md

`$bufferSize` — the size of the buffer in bytes to send the content of the message body (default, 8Mb).

> `$temporaryErrorHandler` — a temporary error handler that needed to handle the creation of configuration and container 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`$temporaryErrorHandler` — a temporary error handler that is needed to handle creating of configuration and container 
```
